Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Careful with that.
That's not a toy!
Take off all your clothes. Put this on.
The doctor will be here any minute.
Sit up.
Did you talk to your wife?
It's reversible. isn't it?
In some cases. but not always.
It depends on how much time goes by.
It's not wise doing this
without telling her.
My wife doesn't even know I'm here.
It's my right.
It's my body.
A young man like you.
with no children... Think about it.
You can’t have a vasectomy behind
your wife’s back.
Yeah?
Bruno. my man!
What are you up to?
I’m up to my ass in ungraded essays.
Pure Nobel Prize material.
Give them a break. They're young.
Listen. Can you donate blood tomorrow?
Blood?
My mother is having gallbladder surgery.
We need three donors.
but you know how it is.
Those who can don't want to...
...and those who want. can't.
-Did you had any booze today?
-Nope.
Banged a hooker lately?
Hell. no!
Well. you should.
Some street love wouldn't hurt you.
You can't eat or drink anything
I haven't said yes.
Don't be a dick. It's an emergency.
-Alright. I'll do it.
-Thanks. Bruno. I owe you one.
Bye.
Professor?
Hi!
You don’t remember me.
Isabel. Isabel Estrada.
I was your student a couple years ago.
Where?
"Where?"
Come on. I was your groupie!
Are you here to donate blood?
Yes. A favor for a friend.
-So great you could do it.
-Clinically fit.
How about you? What are you doing here?
Bruno Sosa?
Got to go.
It was nice seeing you. professor.
I hope next time you do remember me.
-Bye.
Ouch!
There. there. It’s okay.
-Is it?
-Yeah. all good.
Your skin is so... smooth. Isa.
It hurts like a bitch. but it’s better
than those awful pills.
Next time you're feeling sick. call us.
Ibáñez said it was normal.
I didn't want to bother you.
Bother us? We're here to help you. baby.
I'm still taking you
to the hospital. right?
I couldn't wait. Sorry.
But you open them
See. I told you everything was
going to be okay.
No crying or we won't be able to stop!
I’m already late. Can you give me a ride?
Isa...
Joaquín and I want you
to come live with us.
We want you around. Close.
We want to be with you.
It'd be easier for the three of us.
We'll be there if you need us.
and you won't have to pay rent.
But this is my place and I like it.
Yeah. but...
Our house is bigger...
...and cleaner.
Cleaner?
Say yes. baby.
Let’s do this the right way.
Together.
We'll spoil you so bad.
you won't want to leave afterwards.
Come on. come on!
Turn it down!
Esteban!
Don’t sit so close to the TV.
Want to go blind or what?
Give that boy a whooping.
Just once for a change.
I would. but I'd have to hear his mom
bitching about it forever...
Children. man.
You don't get to choose the bastards.
you can't give them back.
Where do you want this mirror?
How about here?
Over there is more like it.
But there's plenty of light here.
Maybe. but I like the picture
hanging just right there.
How about this?
How's the bed?
Great. isn't it?
Soft yet firm.
Isa...
I'm the boss around here...
But Sara calls the shots.
Welcome. You're our special guest.
Whatever you want or need...
...tell me and it's yours...
As long as it's not too expensive.
Taquito...
Hope he doesn't go crazy with
two ladies around the house.
Nothing ventured nothing gained.
Taquito. come!
Here. boy!
Taquito!
I have some work to do.
but we can have dinner later. Together.
To celebrate.
Taquito!
Let's go. baby!
Guess who I ran into?
Who?
Lucía.
She was with Paulina.
That girl looks just like her mom.
She’s a really pretty girl.
Lucky for her. she's not your daughter.
Thanks. friendo.
I thought...
...you were cool talking about Lucía.
I am. I always hope
for the best for her...
...for her. her daughter.
and the girl's father.
Man. you really need to get laid.
Bang one of your barely legal students!
One nail drives out another.
No way! Another nail. another hole.
My grandma took me to the park.
-And I saw some dogs.
-Really?
Why do dogs smell their butts?
Okay.
That's how they say hello.
We shake hands and kiss
and dogs smell their butts.
What happen if they fart?
I never thought about it.
I want a dog. No two dog.
I didn't want the big.
No honey. You can't have two dogs.
Two dogs.
I know you mommy.
Give me a big kiss!
I miss you mommy.
Tell me. honey...
-What's the name of your new school?
-It's...
Anytime León.
Go to grandma.
My school name is!
León. come here boy. Come here.
No! Mommy! My school name is!
Go to grandma. León!
León. go to grandma.
When are you gonna let me talk to my kid?
I don't want him speaking Spanish
in my house. all right.
There's no use for that shit here.
You're a fucking asshole.
Listen to me Harry.
I'm coming for him. I swear.
I'm coming for him.
Shut the fuck. all right. slut.
If you want anything
you talk to my fucking lawyer. Got it?
Isa?
Coming.
Isa? Dinner is rea--
What's wrong?
Nothing.
You are crying.
-I talked to León.
-Is he okay?
I'd tell you not to cry...
...but is always better to get it off
your chest. Hang in there. baby.
Good things are coming.
For you and León.
For us.
Do you want some soup?
It will do you good.
Yes?
Mr. Bruno Sosa?
Speaking.
This is Isabel Estrada.
from Fellowship Bank.
Have you considered getting a credit card?
I'm not interested. thank you.
Professor!
It's me. Isabel. Your ex-student.
We met each other a few weeks
ago. at the hospital.
What hospital?
The blood bank.
Isabel.
Why are you calling me?
How did you get my number?
It’s in my database.
Since you didn’t ask me for mine...
Actually. I'm updating my data.
I have your address. your number...
but I'm missing your marital status.
Are you still married?
What can I do for you?
That’s exactly what I want to know.
I want to invite you out to dinner.
If you don’t want to. it’s okay.
I wasn’t expecting your call.
That's the whole point.
I hope I’m not getting you in trouble.
-Trouble?
-With your wife.
We've been divorced for ages.
Cool! Is eight o’clock good for you?
Either you tell me what's on your mind
or you stop staring at me like that.
Sorry.
I'm just thinking...
You want to know why I asked you out?
You never signed it for me.
"Life is a waterfall".
Why did you stop writing?
I haven't died yet.
Well. why haven't you written
anything new?
You were good.
You are good.
Yes.
How about you?
How did you end up working
at a call center?
I didn't graduate from college.
Met my ex...
...dropped out and move to Phoenix.
I just came back to Mexico
a few months ago.
That gig is temporary.
But I’m really good at talking to people.
I once opened eight credit card
accounts in one day.
Eleven is the record.
Eleven?
I could get one. if it helps you.
It does help.
Thank you. professor.
Seriously? You want us to use this?
"Reinforced hypoallergenic latex."
"Nonoxynol-9."
No shit! You got this
from a family clinic.
That's all I’ve got.
Do you have any others?
Ultra-Ribbed? Pina colada flavor?
They were out of strawberry.
-You're leaving...
-Yep.
Why so soon?
The male smells the female...
...before she retreats to the mountains.
He knows this could be
his last chance to mate with her.
Last chance?
Give me your hand.
I know you already have it.
but just in case.
-Should I call you a cab?
-It's okay.
Thanks. I had a good time.
Me too.
-Don't wash your hands!
-I swear!
-Promise?
-Yes.
-Aren't you going to tell me?
-What do you want to know?
Where did you go? Who is he? How was it?
What friends tell to each other.
I met him in college.
He asked me out and I said yes.
Can we trust him?
Of course we can.
I was worried.
-You turned your phone off.
-I didn't.
Battery died.
Are you planning on seeing him again?
Don't!
Don't go.
Stay inside.
But...
I really have to pee.
We can do it again later if you want.
Bruno. what's wrong with your feet?
Nothing.
-You have six toes!
-No way.
I’m looking at them!
Oh. you mean that. It's my spare.
Just in case I stub my toe really bad.
-It looks gross!
-Really?
-Yeah. yikes!
-I think it's sexy.
Besides...
It’s not that weird.
Two in a thousand births.
My Dad and my grandpa had it too.
Why didn't they remove it
when you were born?
Doctor said it was fine.
Plus I like it. it gives me personality.
-I'd have gotten rid of it by now.
-Really?
Absolutely.
Don't listen to her. buddy.
You know the drill.
You should write another novel.
One that’s as good as your first one.
No problem.
Do you want me to start right now
or should I wait until you leave?
I'm dead serious.
If you need inspiration
I can be your muse.
It doesn’t work like that.
The true muse is the chair.
Inspiration lies in your ass.
You sit the hell down
and start writing and writing...
until you come up with something good.
Why did you quit?
What happened?
A divorce...
...and twelve useless drafts.
Do you think we should worry?
Joaquín!
Should we let her go out with
God knows who?
-Without telling us anything?
-She’s only seen him twice. right?
So far.
First time she barely told me.
and the second time. she lied.
She lied?
Yesterday I was picking her up.
She cancelled on me.
She told me she'd stay for training.
but then I saw her taking a cab.
So. I followed her.
-Come on!
-Do you want to know where he lives?
You're on her side!
I just want to know who he is.
I trust her. but why doesn't she
trust me all of the sudden?
Sara Fernanda. don't be paranoid!
You can't forbid her to see him.
I’ll never forbid her anything.
I just want her...
to tell me.
Please. don't smoke in here.
Nothing is sexier
nor so technologically advanced...
...than a female hip swaying to the
rhythm of my pelvis...
...and of my forever feverish hands.
Don’t forget your essays for next week.
Thank you. Bye.
-Hello.
-Hi.
-Joaquín Macías.
-Bruno.
Do you know who I am?
Should I?
Probably.
Isabel lives with me... and my wife.
-I'd like to talk to you.
-About what?
My wife and I want to meet you...
...and talk about our situation.
I didn't know Isabel was in "a situation".
She didn't tell you?
Tell me what?
What kind of friends are you?
I made a mistake.
Sorry.
Hey!
Come back here!
-Tell me! Why did you come here?
-Listen!
I shouldn't have come.
I got carried away.
I am sorry
I'm going to leave now.
I’m not looking for trouble.
Next time. I’ll make an appointment.
Who is Joaquín Macías? He went
looking for me at the university.
He's my roomie.
-Your roomie?
-Yep.
-I live with him and Sara.
-What's your relationship with them?
I just told you. We're roommates.
How did he know where to find me?
I don't know.
Why did he leave when I asked him
about your relationship?
Do you think I have sex with them?
You do.
You think I fuck both of them.
Joaquín and Sara sleep together.
I live with them because it suits me.
Actually...
Call him.
Come on!
They’re dying to meet you anyways. right?
-Wait.
-Let go off me!
I wanted to surprise you.
but I don't care anymore.
Is this an ultimatum?
I'm just making things easier for you.
If you don't trust me.
don't be with me. Period.
Move.
Sure.
I don’t dare to tear it.
But I don't want my son
in a torn photograph.
Where is he?
Phoenix. With my ex.
He never helped me to get my papers.
As soon as my visa expired.
I got deported.
He got custody.
Can you get him back?
I don't know.
But I’ll never stop trying.
Why didn't you tell me?
It's not something I like to share.
What were you looking for?
I'm not sure.
Are you done?
Do you have to smoke so early?
Put it off.
She's here.
I'll do the talking.
Isa?
Isa. can we talk?
Isabel.
I can't live this. I'm neither
your daughter nor your employee
Nobody thinks that.
You made me look like a stupid teenager.
You're right. I was out of line.
But how come
you haven't tell him about us?
I don’t need your permission to screw
any man I want!
You lied. you didn't tell us
you weren't coming home last night...
We're worried. Isabel!
I texted you.
"I'll spend the night out. See you".
And then you turned your phone off.
Don’t want to be treated...
...like a teenager? Don’t act like one!
We just want to meet him.
Why is that so hard to understand?
Where would you go?
What about León?
I'm sorry.
We're sorry.
We...
We don’t fully understand
how to deal with this.
I'm an idiot.
Don't say that.
I made a mistake.
I thought she was the one. I was wrong.
We both chose her.
She was the one we liked best.
I was terrified when
I saw her packing her bags.
To think she could leave. just like that.
Whenever she wants.
Tell me that won't happen.
We won't let her go! Please!
She won't leave. I promise. She won't.
Calm down.
Sara. come on.
Isabel.
Isa...
-Can I give you a lift?
-What are you doing here?
I haven't heard from you.
You didn't even answer my texts.
How did you find me?
Google. It wasn't easy.
Are you hungry? Let's go grab some lunch.
-I can't.
-Listen. Isabel.
What's wrong?
Why don't you want to be with me?
-What's going on?
-Isabel. don't get on that motorcycle!
She's Joaquín's wife.
Isabel.
Stay in the car!
Who are these people?
-Let’s go. Isabel.
-Tell me. I want to know.
Leave her alone!
Isabel. Isabel.
You hurt her. you idiot!
Are you crazy?
She can’t ride on that motorcycle!
Didn't you tell him?
Did you tell him or not?
She's pregnant. asshole!
Bruno.
Let's talk.
I owe you an apology.
It's fine.
You deserve to know the truth.
The truth? We both know honesty
is not one of your virtues.
It’s not my child.
Whose child is it then? The Holy Spirit's?
No.
Is theirs.
Her egg. his sperm.
I only feed it.
My family doesn't know. I'm on my own.
Good luck then.
I pass.
Wait.
You pass? On what?
What's it to you?
You lied to me.
Well. yes but...
I'm doing this because I need
the money to get León back.
I divorced the woman I loved most
because I didn’t want to have children.
I was this close from getting a vasectomy.
And now I’m fucking a pregnant
woman who rents her body?
Cool.
Don’t get involved then.
Sosa. you dumbass.
You’ve been crying for years over Lucía
and now that you finally meet...
...a badass. carefree woman...
...you screw up.
Great story. though.
And of all people. it happened to you.
Did you know there's not
a single word to describe...
...the phobia to fatherhood?
Of course there is! "Tocophobia."
No. that’s the fear
women have of pregnancy.
There isn’t a word to name
the irrational fear of paternity.
Male tocophobia. perhaps.
When a girl like that
comes into your life...
...you better sit down and write about it!
Let’s see if you’re really such a good
writer after all.
You lame-ass one-hit-wonder.
Touché.
Taquito. come!
Come in!
I'm not hungry.
Tomorrow we have an appointment
with Dr. Ibáñez.
I'm not going.
I want to see another doctor.
Ibáñez is not helping me.
-What?
-I’m not feeling any better.
I’d rather see my doctor.
He knows me well.
Listen. you need a specialist.
-Not any doctor can...
-Sara...
It's done. I went to see him already.
Everything's okay.
You went to see another doctor?
Without me? When?
At least give him a chance.
This is not negotiable. Isabel.
And what are you going to do about it?
Are you going to drag me
to see your doctor?
I decided to stay. but that doesn’t
mean things will be the same.
Taquito. come... Come here!
It’s a little small for fourteen-weeks.
-Is that bad?
-Not necessarily.
In vitro babies
may take longer to develop.
The one I’m more
concerned about is Isabel.
She’s underweight and pale.
Do you want to hear the heartbeat?
Yes.
You’re doing well. If there’s any
complication. you come to see me.
They'll be fine. as long as
you don't give them reasons to worry.
Don’t forget to take the iron complex...
...and the folic acid everyday.
My card was declined.
Look at them.
Sarah. I have no money.
Has she told you where she knows
this doctor from?
No?
Don't! Honey...
Please. don't do that.
Are you crazy? He could choke on that!
They’re late. aren't they?
Aren’t you worried? Your husband
spending so much time with that girl?
Her name’s Isabel. mother.
Only you could think of bringing a
total stranger into your home.
Don’t start again with that.
I saw some pictures of her.
She looks nice.
How long have you all
been living together?
-Four months.
-Really?
So fast!
Alejandro!
Where were you?
You haven’t kissed your auntie yet!
Sit down right here with me. boy.
Okay. they're here.
Be nice to her.
Everybody. this is Isabel.
What about your backup plan?
They didn't tell you
this was 100% effective. did they?
No pregnancy is.
But if anything goes wrong. do you
have enough money?
Yes.
My dad owns some lands.
He gave me a few acres.
I was planning on building a couple
of houses...
...but we could just sell the land
if we need to.
God bless him.
I hope everything turns out for the best.
But...
...if this doesn’t work either...
-...you should know when to give up.
-Give up?
Sweetheart. you know we love
Joaquín very much...
...but he’s under
a lot of pressure right now.
No. I'm not.
Would you rather
being alone but together...
...or having this child
and getting divorced?
Stop putting yourselves at risk.
This can’t be good.
Not for you. not for the child.
Do you know
who else has children like this?
Lesbians and homosexuals.
So?
What does that even mean?
We are not saying it's a sin...
...but it’s definitely not the right way.
It is for me!
Isa has our last fertilized egg.
If this fails. it’s bye-bye to my child.
bye-bye to your grandchild.
You can do this. Sara.
Stay positive.
Try to relax. Meditate.
Go out for a walk. start jogging.
It's all about attitude.
It's all about attitude. Sara.
Don't you worry. Sara.
We're going to make it.
It's not all about attitude.
Thank you.
-Howdy.
-Hi.
-What's wrong?
-It won't start.
-Did you call the mechanic?
-Too expensive.
What is he doing here?
I didn't invite him.
Get in the house.
-What are you doing here?
-I just want to talk.
Get lost.
It's important.
Five minutes. Please.
Go inside.
Go.
Dinner is ready...
What's going on?
Joaquín!
Isabel? Isabel. breathe!
-What?
-Isa?
-What happened?
-I don't know! She fainted!
-Be careful.
-Isa.
Put her on the couch!
Okay.
Isabel.
Call an ambulance!
This is taking forever. isn't it?
I hope it’s not serious.
Well. she’s feeling better now.
We have to wait for the CBC.
She might have anemia.
Are you letting her leave?
Yes. just make sure that she eats
well and rests.
Isn’t it better if she stays here
for the night?
Only if you want to pay for it.
I'd rather not.
How's everything going?
Remember what we talked about last time?
Everything was fine...
...until today.
You must be the first-aider.
How do you feel?
I'm cold.
Take her to dinner and we’ll see
about the lab results tomorrow.
My treat. Please.
-I'm glad you're fine.
-Thanks.
How did you meet?
Did you sign an agreement?
How did you put together a deal like this?
This is not a deal.
Okay. but who sets the rules?
We don't want to talk about this with you.
Where is she giving birth?
Tabasco or Sinaloa?
Why do you care?
I'm writing a novel.
And your story drew me in.
What do you want to know?
What?
After all we've been through.
we have a lot to tell.
Thank you.
Don't even think about it.
How did you meet?
Sara got in touch with her online.
Her and some other women.
Wouldn’t it be better
if the surrogate mother...?
Substitute!
...were a relative instead of a stranger?
Yes.
Our first choice was Sara's sister.
but she didn't pass the tests.
Why did you choose Isabel?
She was healthy.
And despite her situation.
she didn’t seem desperate.
-Is it expensive?
-The procedure?
It isn’t cheap.
But many clinics offer packages.
And they guarantee a baby in
four transfers or a full refund.
-Transfers?
-Embryo implantations.
Her eggs and my sperm.
-And the four times...?
-Yes.
We got our money back and we found Isa.
Did you think of adopting?
We tried. but in this country.
adoption is even harder.
What if Isabel decides to keep
the baby when--
Can we change the subject?
-But what would happen if--
-She wouldn’t!
She has León.
That baby is mine!
Mine.
I'm sorry.
I should leave.
I'll call you later.
Take care.
Eat up.
Sara. I...
I'm sorry.
I'm an idiot.
I was really looking forward
to hear you story.
I'm sorry I screwed it up.
Lucía. my wife... Ex wife...
...she left me because
I didn't want to have children.
Becoming a mother
was more important to her
than being with me.
but I never understood why.
Why didn’t you want to have children?
"Fatherhood and mirrors are atrocious...
...since they both multiply
the number of men".
Jorge Luis Borges said it.
-Did he have children?
-Borges?
No.
He didn't have a clue then.
I wasn't ready.
I'm still not ready. but back then.
when we were together...
I thought a child would get in the way
of my writing.
I wanted to be successful
before things got complicated.
But she wouldn't wait for that to happen.
She did right.
I can’t be responsible
for someone else’s life.
I’d just fuck him up for sure.
Well. I can’t wait to show the world to
someone who’s never lived in it.
I hope everything works out for you.
Life doesn't give a shit about obstacles.
But sometimes it bets against itself...
And it becomes necessary
to resort to less orthodox methods...
A man and a woman.
Two men and a woman.
Or two women and a man.
A mother.
Two mothers.
Three mothers.
Life makes its own way before.
after or when you least expect it.
but it always arises.
Those who long for life should call it
Wait and life will come.
MOTHERHOOD FOR ALL OF US
Mexican. 27. healthy and willing...
Being a surrogate mother
is a blessing but it's really hard!
I'm a substitute mother. Can we meet?
-Do you know if it’s a boy or a girl?
-No. we want it to be a surprise.
Look at that little shirt.
So cute!
Did you get baby blues?
Yeah. it was awful.
When that baby leaves
your womb. it feels like...
...emptiness.
Terrible!
It hurts.
But then you get over it.
Was it hard for you?
Handing over those babies?
Not really. You don't even
have time to feel bad about it.
The nurse barely let me saw them.
I counted their fingers
and toes and said good-bye.
Are they paying well?
Yes.
Great!
It didn't go so well for me.
I did the numbers and...
...24 hours. 7 days a week
for 9 whole months...
I hardly made minimum wage per day.
-No way!
-I kid you not.
Plus. in no other job you're not
allowed a beer every once in a while.
Did they give you fertility drugs?
The shots and patches and what-not?
Then you know all
the crazy things your body does.
My breasts kept producing milk
for months after giving birth.
I felt like filling bottles
and mailing them to the parents.
Wow! The color is amazing!
So fancy.
Why did you want to meet?
Did you ever think about keeping them?
Yes.
Once.
I was three weeks away from giving birth.
I had such strange dreams with that baby.
The kind of dreams I never had
with any of my children.
One day...
...I had a panic attack.
Instead of going
to my doctor's appointment...
...I locked myself
and cried all afternoon.
The next day it was over.
I went to my appointment.
as if nothing had happened.
It's pretty normal.
Even if the baby
doesn't look like you at all...
...you two will have a bond that the
biological mother won’t.
You’re not considering keeping
someone else’s child. are you?
Not after all you told me
about your own son...
Why would you do that to yourself?
This one. I'm taking this one.
Yes. that one is cute.
But look at this!
Okay. That's cuter.
It looks so pretty!
Canales...
Jesus Alfonso Esquivel.
Your balance is 87--
Give me a sec.
The placenta is blocking the cervix.
If it stays in that area.
there could be some complications.
Chances are
Isabel will go into preterm labor.
How many weeks?
As few as possible.
We’ll have to schedule a C-section
to prevent further risks.
I’m also giving her something to
strengthen the baby’s lungs.
But the baby will be fine. right?
Fully developed?
Let us hope for that.
That's why we are here.
Everything will be fine.
I need a second opinion.
I'll make an appointment with Dr. Ibáñez.
We need more money.
Maybe she'd allow us to pay her later.
No. we’re not touching Isabel’s money.
I can't ask for a second mortgage.
I'll have to go to San Luis.
-Don't think about that now!
-If not now. when?
This wasn't supposed to happen!
After your last attempt...
...I asked you to drop all this
for good. but you didn’t listen.
Our last attempt.
You want this as much as I do.
Are you sure about that?
I need to get some sleep.
I have a meeting tomorrow.
I'm out of here.
Are you feeling okay?
You're scaring me. baby. What's wrong?
Let's go back to the hospital.
I can't.
You trust in me. I can’t let you down...
I'm sorry.
You're doing well! Say it!
Everything will be alright!
Get it into your goddamn head!
-Let her go!
-Swear everything will be fine!
-Promise me. damn it!
-I promise!
Don't touch me!
Do you regret it?
No.
Nope. but I want this to end.
Chinese say:
"Out of 100 kilometers
99 are just half of the way."
Precisely.
That's how it feels.
I brought you something. Hand me my purse.
Your agreement.
They won't pay you if the baby dies?
Did you notice how "substitute"...
...and "prostitute" are almost the same?
Don't get upset.
Think about it.
You're offering your body
in exchange for money...
...so others can fulfill
a biological need.
I'm not doing it only for the money.
But would you do it
without getting anything in return?
Altruistic?
-You're such a drama queen.
-It's your ass on the line!
They only have to sign a check.
-I shouldn't have brought you anything!
-Think about it the other way around.
The baby is born. but you die.
Then what? Will they look for
your son to give him your money?
Sara had four miscarriages...
...what if the same had happened to you?
I'm sorry. I shouldn't have said that.
Have you ever used one of these?
I want you to always carry it around.
When you want to say anything.
anything at all...
...just record it.
Click. Stop.
Hello.
I’m crazy about you.
Do you want to be there? Until the end?
See how it all turns out?
Bruno. don't.
Sorry.
I can't.
Joaquín. Sara. the baby...
It's too much.
Maybe when I'm done with all this
and León is with me again...
We can give it a shot.
May I... take a nap?
It's a five-hour trip. It won't take long.
-Where are you going?
-San Luis.
There's someone interested
in buying the land.
-When are you coming back?
-As soon as I close the deal.
All set.
Take care.
The three of you.
Hi there. baby. How you doing?
Cool?
I hope at least one of us is having fun.
Who is it?
It’s Isa. professor.
Hi.
Watch it!
How come you're not working?
I am.
Almost done?
Maybe.
Don't know. Don't ask.
I want to ask you something
very important.
Yeah?
Please stop that!
Fuck!
No fucking way! No. please. no!
How the hell did this happen? Damn it!
Look what you did.
-Me?
-You pushed me!
Come on. come on. come on.
No! No! This isn't happening.
Fucking hell! Go away!
-Sorry. I just...
-I need to think!
Get out!
Shouldn't you be resting?
Get the fuck out of here! Damn it!
I'm leaving to run some erran--
Isa?
Isabel!
You don't have a back up file?
Only the chapters I emailed you.
but everything changed a lot.
Final draft was almost done.
-And the hard-disk?
-Busted.
They couldn't repair it.
Fuckin' piece of trash.
There are so many freakin' ways
to make a back up file!
Dropbox. Google Drive. that
iCloud shit nobody knows how it works!
-Dad. what should I write here?
-I don't know. What's the question?
This. but I don't know the answer.
Think about it. It's quite easy.
-Fuckin' piece of...!
-Hey. calm down!
Only good stuff i've written
in years and it's fucked up!
If you're that angry
you should better leave.
And watch your language
in front of my kid.
It's okay. dad. I've heard that before.
That's not the point.
He shouldn’t say that in my house.
Did you understand anything?
-Sure. he said fu--
-No. I mean about your homework!
-Hello?
-Hello.
Bruno? It's me. Sara.
Is Isa with you?
She's not here.
And to be honest. I don't think
I'm gonna see her again.
-Isn't she taking your calls?
-No
Maybe her battery died
or she has not signal.
She's not supposed to be
anywhere but here. resting.
Would you call her?
Just to be sure that she's okay.
Please.
Okay.
Okay. Ciao Sara
Thanks.
When coming to see me?
Soon. Mi Amor. Very soon.
-Are you coming today?
-Today?
When do you come?
Pick a day. When is that?
Honey. your dad is still there?
No. dad is in the bathroom.
Can we speak Spanish now?
I would like to hear you.
Tell me...
How are you doing in school?
Have you make any new friends?
León.
Listen to me. please.
León. León.
León. honey. look at me.
Look at me. please.
I thought you liked
speaking Spanish with me.
You're not here. I can't see you.
León. León.
Dad gets angry hen I speak Spanish.
I don't want him getting angry at me.
Okay. maybe some other day.
Are you okay?
Where were you?
Where?
Are you hungry?
Answer me!
Taquito.
Isa?
Isabel. Isabel!
Isabel! Say something. goddamnit!
-How is she?
-I don't know.
She's been in the O.R. for hours
and they haven't told me anything yet.
Thank you for coming.
I don't feel like calling
my family right now.
First time I met her
I thought we would make it.
Deep down we shared the same pain.
All the other candidates
had their children with them.
Isa was the only one who didn’t.
I felt her suffering.
That's why I chose her.
I hate waiting.
Hell is made of waiting.
The baby is alright now.
We'll keep her in the incubator.
but prognosis is positive.
It's a... girl?
What about Isabel?
She suffered postpartum hemorrhage.
Placenta was deeply attached.
She lost plenty of blood
before we could sew her up.
She didn't respond
to blood transfusions...
...and she wasn't clotting properly.
I'm sorry.
Everything I did. I did to help her.
Hi. Sara.
What do you think?
Say hi. baby.
She looks just like Joaquín.
don't you think?
Beer?
How about you?
Come in.
Congratulations. Sara.
You did it.
Did you have any trouble
with the birth certificate?
No.
Joaquín's name was on the medical record.
It may sound awful but...
It was easier for us.
What's her name?
Isabella.
Did you finish your novel?
Not yet.
Let us know when you do.
I'd love to read it.
Isabella.
Who are you looking at?
Could you watch her for me?
I won't take long.
Come closer. she's restless.
Isabella.
You are the most beautiful girl
I've ever seen.
Do you want to know why did I ask you out?
Don't Stay inside
Sara had four miscarriages
What if the same had happened to you?
Clinically fit.
It's yours. right?
It's was among Isabel's stuff.
What's going on. my baby?
Can I use the bathroom?
It's okay. honey. Come to mamma.
Are you leaving already?
Everything is fine. honey.
-What happened?
-About what?
-Bruno...
-Don't know.
She calms down when you're around.
I'm her father.
Click. stop.
I’m crazy about you.
Hi. professor.
I wanted to see you.
so I went to your place.
I stood outside your building.
waiting for my finger to ring the bell.
But it didn't happen.
I didn't know how.
I was afraid that you'd be at home.
That you'd let me in. despite
what happened the last time.
Now. I'm here...
...feeling lost...
...and surrounded by these huge buildings.
You told me to use the recorder
in case I had something to say.
So here I am.
Where should I begin?